and perhaps just as well and it could
well be to war but that's for the exact
reason that you stated which is to get
tired up to temperature yes that's a
normal relationship is wet all the
drivers to have a look at the track they
do two naps 21 the capsule over and
we're expecting a limpiar has to start
from the pit lane and we saw them in
their bits earlier basically that's not
such a problem I mean they'll basically
avoid any debris into the first corner
they were literally join in and bottom
of red gate it won't be too much more
problem no especially especially not
when it's a wet race you can make up a
lot of time if you're competitive so not
for sure you're going to avoid the
trouble in first first corner first race
red gate was very clear no damage no
crashes nothing I was very very
surprised they all did a very good job
so that's sore fingers
dortmund borussia dortmund they did it
in 97 win the European Cup against
Juventus could they do it here in Super
League formula this man's nodding in
agreement here we go
sec
and stranded just about to join
join the faculty circuit another plan
so here we go and while we're waiting to
see what happens to and elec looks as
though they're going to take him out
yeah sadly electric problems all weekend
and it's just kind of the but you know
what it's
there are going to be
and he's really upset
melton mowbray and really upset he
really wants to take partners ratio SI
got the british flag blazing donned his
helmet and now he's making that long
walk back to the pits and back to his
team but it really must be
so we saw them on the green line cause
we're going to be okay in yield long
lapse fine to go
and just it's
well it's always really really
22 bracelet
the back to start the less you can see
if you stay on the time
if you manage trying to combine delivery
room will the overtaking positions be
the same as
Plus
many many places as possible we have
time to remind you of the format again
this a brand new formula there for brand
new rules a very innovative way
at the end of the day and that's really
what this is all about so it's a case of
the guys at the back AS Roma Eindhoven
and so on trying to come through not
necessarily when the race no one would
expect that but the idea is to get as
many points at the end of the day
exactly it's obviously gonna be sort of
difficult to
from today with yeah
to score as many points as possible and
you're fighting against the Kaiser put
it would be a start up the back as you
minus try to be in front of them Alissa
to Bruce you've raced pretty much most
of these guys in
is the rain my stuff good question
good
I've never racing against
had great great traction in race one
could be very suitable it's going to be
hard to see visibility will be a big
problem offshore get some visibility
tough for the drivers for sure
red flashing light sometimes you really
can't see much further than that so to
try and overtake is pray yes sometimes
you can you can't even see the light and
the light comes up to you when you're
very very close and that's that could be
too late so yeah you don't see anything
at all that's as simple as that why we
are looking for a rolling start at the
end of his lab we're expecting to
warm-up laps there are Rangers and their
fans are here probably I will actually
say that in terms of fans ranges of
oneself early
come out in full wrong that's
depressive given the leo
darby this afternoon against celtic but
there's plenty of Rangers fans to cheer
on their car the n toes field is ready
get us a new yoak space so the field
being
into my thing for the first time
galatasaray in third place Basel gets a
good start as well but every body
tentatively through Hollywood terra
preta cars everybody was very cautious
out so far galletas i jumping into
second place
they wanted
on a big affair and it's he's going to
crash into someone oh very very lucky
well Ali and he's uber out of this one
for sure
by dominating the yacht's and he just
sailed up the track this year
the tangles with rice
fine it's just a port on the side of
Jackson County both cars are in damaged
well their sponsors our culture is that
we're getting funny
and then somebody back into second place
you ever took a lettuce I again yep as
you can see and the Mancow and FC basel
making a move on Galatasaray and a good
one to the inside and the Melbourne they
could apply the traction on the inside
sevillas got away well they're in fifth
place and the board huh gasps he ordered
very tight into the last hairpin and
Nelson Philippe being overtaken again
here we go strike
inside at Redgate rave move by
Galatasaray in the front leg area sleek
are all that come up and so now he's
going he's going to stop Woodley okay
he has to stop and he has to give back